10. [The Perfect Storm](https://linuxgamecast.com/2012/10/linuxgamecast-weekly-ep10-the-perfect-storm/)
   * 2012-10-27
   * This Linux Game Cast is brought to you by...
      * As if anyone would sponsor this trainwreck
   * Jordan hails from the Great Argyle North
   * Poon-vomit.
      * Truly lovely subject
   * Teach, Torture…
      * Those are synonyms, right?
   * Ahh, the joys of a house where you cannot run cable
      * And the video quality shows
   * The D-Link DAP1360 is trash
   * FFmpeg is starting to address the audio de-sync
   * Oh teh noes!  A video went into “possible review” status
      * #YouTubesDying2018 #MySpace #Hashtag
   * Venn’s multi-monitor breaks on occasion
   * Steam Linux Update of the Week (eek eek eek)
      * This is SOOOO Beta.
   * Valve Linux Steam Client Beta Application
      * Venn has used Linux since the mid-90’s
         * Quiet sonny boy
      * They also launched the Linux community group
   * Linux more viable for gaming than Windows 8  —Valve
   * Jordan’s French Canadian slipped in
      * Like an unwanted sexual advance
   * System76 releases an iMac clone
      * #Spoiler it’s meh
   * Google releases a Nexus tablet
      * Woot.
   * Open Source ARM userland
      * Yay!  glx-gears should now perform smoothly on the Raspberry Pi
   * AMD is STILL behind on supporting the latest X server.
      * Venn spent a week trying to make a card working back in the day
   * GitHub Game Off
      * Hardcore Forking Action
      * And Jordan’s Internet forks off
   * Forced Kickstarter
      * Did it succeed?  [FORCED SHOWDOWN](http://store.steampowered.com/app/265000/FORCED_SHOWDOWN/)?
   * [Hostile Sector](http://mindemia.com/hostilesector/)
      * Free, but Java
   * [vdrift-ogre](https://vdrift.net/Forum/printthread.php?tid=1629) (Stunt Rally)
   * Venn is a fantastic simulation of a human being
   * Jordan is a puppet master
      * “I’m twisting your mind and slashing your dreams”  —Jordan
   * <span style="color:red">Aftershowzen</span>
      * Neither pre-party nor the after-after show can be shown, else they’ll be sent to Guantanamo Bale
         * “It will never become good”  —Venn
      * Hebrewjibi
         * Jordan’s actually right about something
      * Blackbuster
         * Jordan’s new blacksploitation film
      * Jordan is a whore, like the village bicycle
         * Just like Karl Marx’s theory of economics, everybody gets a share
      * L.G.C. is now D-level Internet famous, thanks to Reddit
      * Open source sex doll firmware!
         * For great ~~justice~~ fuckness!
      * Jordan is considering marrying a Swedish dude for Gigabit Internet
      * Fuck D-Link is the takeaway
